docs: add release notes for 0.26.7 (#8601)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes.rst

 Version 0.26
**************

Version 0.26.7
==============

**Release Date:** December 18, 2023

**Breaking Changes**

> -  CLI: Remove the ``--dry-run`` option for ``det deploy aws``. This option has no effect because

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  CLI: Remove the ``--dry-run`` option for ``det deploy aws``. The option had no effect because
```

>    AWS CloudFormation does not provide a utility to preview staged changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   AWS CloudFormation does not provide a way to preview staged changes.
```

**New Features**

> -  CLI: Modify ``det user ls`` ls to show only active users. Add a new flag ``--all`` to show all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  CLI: Modify ``det user ls`` to show only active users. Add a new flag ``--all`` to show all
```

   users.

**Bug Fixes**

> -  Fix an issue where master was unable to download checkpoints from s3 on buckets in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Master: Fix an issue where master was unable to download checkpoints from S3 buckets in the
```
